# Introduction---my medicine
Medicine, doctor, patient... these are the words that I have never thought of until my senior year in high school. While living in this crazily fast paced country, I didn't really decide what career I would pursue in high school. I was simply living in the present moment all the time. Three meals a day, go to school, finish homework, have fun, these are the objectives that I had every single day, nothing more. However, things gradually became colorful during my Junior year when I established a very good relationship with my Math teacher---Mr. Wong. Ultimately, rur relationship evolved and reaached the level where he is like a family member to me. By studying under his excellent mentorship, I gradually fell in love with Math, which later got me in to astronamy. I love to learn about black holes, dark matters, the dark energy that feuled black whole, the logic that time can slows down as speed increases, and how our universe is created. At one point, I became so excited of learning conceptual science knowledge that I wanted to become an astronamer or a theoritical physicist and work for NASA. However, as my passion of my science interests grew, I realized that there were something missing in the potential jobs that I would be getting if I continued pursing my interests, and that is my desire to help others. About two years ago when I prepared SAT exam in China, I told my grandpa that I want to become a person who is meaningful to our soceity by helping others. I longed to become someone who can make a postive impact on this world, but it has to be expressed through my good ethics and selflessness. One special characterisctcs that I found in myself is my ability to emphasize with others. I don't know if this is a good ability or just a normal aspect of human nature, but everytime when I hear a sad story that happens to the people around me, there is a tremendeous emotion grow inside me. It growls in my chest and it wants to break free and escape from my body through my throat. To me, this is my strength. My strong emotional response propels me to help others and make them become happy again. Most importantly, I found it is extemely rewarding when the person who is initially in misery and eventually is able to smile again because they recieved the help from me. I have no idea why but whenever I contribute to someone's happiness, I become satisfied and happy too! I feel accomplished and hornored for being able to play an influencial role in other people's lives. Whenever a person is in his/her most vulnerable time, I want to do the best I can to help them and alliveate their pain. As a result, after making all these discoveries about myself, I decided to explore careers in healthcare. I feel that being a healthcare professional, I am able to fulfill my desires to pursue science knowledge while putting my emotional strength in good use. When doing research on healthcare professions, I realized that being a doctor is a  career that matches most of my expectations and needs of what I want to do in the future. Doctors not only have to learn the complex science of physiology, but they also helps others in their most vulnerable time. Yes, this over simplified job description of being a doctor almost 100% corresponds to what I said earlier about what I'm looking for when deciding for a career. Nevertheless, being a doctor is rewarding and might be a perfect fit for me, but becoming a doctor is a completely different story. out of 2000 undergraduates who are pre-med at the beginning in freshman year, only 200 of them presist till the end and apply for medical school, and only 40%(80 applicants) of the applicants will get accepted while the rest 60%(120 applicants) will get rejected. Despite the level of difficulty to become a doctor, maintain a healthy and enjoyable life style is another challenge. Indeed, the road to become a doctor is tough, very tough, and even right now as a pre-med undergrad, I don't even know if I can make into med school and get the career that I longed for. In the rest of these articles, I will list out my understanding of medicine, my fears, my strengths, my weaknesses, my inspirations, my determination, and try to decide if medicine is really a right choice for me along the way.
